< MAIN PANEL (RIGHT)>

Attack on Titan
R . HD . SUB . DUB . Ep 25/25 . 24m
	WATCH NOW    ADD TO LIST
Centuries ago, mankind was slaughtered to near extinction by monstrous humanoid creatures called titans, forcing humans to hide in fear behind enormous concentric walls. 
What makes these giants truly terrifying is that their taste for human flesh is not born out of hunger but what appears to be out of pleasure. 
To ensure their survival, the remnants of humanity began living within defensive barriers, resulting in one hundred years without a single titan encounter.
However, that fragile calm is soon shattered when a colossal titan manages to breach the supposedly impregnable outer wall, reigniting the fight for survival against the man-eating abominations. 
After witnessing a horrific personal loss at the hands of the invading creatures, Eren Yeager dedicates his life to their eradication by enlisting into the Survey Corps, 
an elite military unit that combats the merciless humanoids outside the protection of the walls.
Based on Hajime Isayama's award-winning manga, Shingeki no Kyojin follows Eren, along with his adopted sister Mikasa Ackerman and his childhood friend Armin Arlert, 
as they join the brutal war against the titans and race to discover a way of defeating them before the last walls are breached.
Zoro is the best site to watch Attack on Titan SUB online, or you can even watch Attack on Titan DUB in HD quality. You can also find Wit Studio anime on Zoro website.

< LEFT PANEL >

Japanese: 進撃の巨人
Synonyms: AoT
Aired: Apr 7, 2013 to Sep 29, 2013
Premiered: Spring 2013
Duration: 24m
Status: Finished Airing
Genres: |Action Mystery| |Drama| |Fantasy| |Shounen| |Super Power| |Military|
Studios: Wit Studio
Producers: Production I.G, Dentsu, Mainichi Broadcasting System, Pony Canyon, Kodansha, Mad Box, Pony Canyon Enterprise, Wit Studio, Funimation

< BOTTOM PANEL >

1. Mikasa Ackerman -- Yui Ishikawa
2. Armin Arlet -- Marina Inoue 
3. Eren Yeager -- Yuki Kaji 
4. Levi Ackerman -- Hiroshi Kamiya
